Minor fixes in the smart contract file (#65)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/polkadot/learn/staking.md

## Slashing

> Slashing will be applied if a validator has been reported to be offline for a number of times. Essentially, there are two parameters will be taken into decision whether the slashing will be happened or not, these are `Offline Slash Grace` & `Unstake Threshold`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slashing will be applied if a validator has been reported to be offline for a number of times. Essentially, there are two parameters that will be taken into decision whether the slashing will happen or not, these are `Offline Slash Grace` & `Unstake Threshold`. 
```

Some grammar improvements

> `Offline Slash Grace` is configured by the network, and the current testnet configuration is set to `4`, whereas `Unstake Threshold` is decided by the validator. However,the maximum number of `Unstake threshold` is NOT allowed to set more than 10 in the current setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Offline Slash Grace` is configured by the network, and the current testnet configuration is set to `4`, whereas `Unstake Threshold` is decided by the validator. However,the maximum number of `Unstake threshold` is NOT allowed to be set greater than 10 in the current setting.
```

In short, validators will be slashed if they have been reported offline more than `Offline Slash Grace + Unstake Threshold` times.

At the same time, once slashing is determined, a value will be deducted from the balance of the validator and all the nominators that have voted for this validator.

!!! info
    **Example:**
 
    Offline Slash Grace = 4 (Network define)

    Unstake Threshold   = 5 (Validator define)

>     In this case, slashing will only be happened if a validator has been reported offline more than 9 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this case, slashing will only occur if a validator has been reported offline more than 9 times.
```
